hey I won through this stuff we like
calm unboxing video of the incredibles
for disc blu-ray combo pack now this
includes two blu rays as well as one DVD
as well as the digital copy so here's
the front end of the cover and then of
course the back end so let's open this
sucker up pop it and then of course here
is the movie itself this is the blu-ray
disc which does include some bonus
features but the majority of that bonus
content is on a separate blu-ray disc
and then of course there is the DVD
which does include the movie as well as
two short films as well as the digital
copy itself so you can transfer the
movie The Incredibles onto an ipod or a
laptop or whatever device that has a
screen that you want to watch this movie
on now you can so in addition do that on
the front cover you'll notice that it
does include this little sticker being
cars to you get a primo beat ikut of up
to the value of eight dollars and fifty
cents and that expires on August seventh
2011 cars 2 comes out on june
twenty-fourth so it doesn't specify
whether or not this is only for children
if this is for children movie tickets or
if you can also use this on adult movie
tickets so i'm assuming that you can
that you don't have to have a kid in
order to spend this on them you know you
can spend it on yourself which is
fabulous right then of course in order
to do that there's this whole process
you have to use this pamphlet the movie
rewards the disney movie rewards you
have to go on the back end of it and
let's see this sort of cars 2 thing and
then there's four steps you go to disney
movie rewards concise Cars 2 movie and
you have to sign up there and you get
some code and then you have to print out
this piece of paper and bring it to your
local movie theater and hopefully they
will give you that eight dollars and
fifty cents which is sweet then of
course let's go through the bonus
materials real quick now on the blu-ray
side you get the incredibles revisited
which is a round table featuring all
these different creators from this movie
and they go ahead and talk about the
incredibles right then there's passed to
Pixar which is a story artist featurette
and basically this is a real
popular featurette coming from different
blu-rays previous blu rays from Pixar
and this covers the kind of the path and
the rise to being a Pixar artist based
upon these other artists who are already
there and established that Pixar then
you get the stories the studio stories
and this particular one is gary's
birthday so happy birthday Gary yeah you
get an entire bonus featured on this
incredible is dedicated to you on your
birthday which is great that's crazy so
then there's the ending with a bang
making the end credits and so that goes
into discussion i'm assuming about the
end critics and as well as the new noman
asian island redevelopment plan so it's
a guided tour of the nomination island
post syndrome pitching the island as a
vacation resort paradise so that could
kind of be funny right I mean that's a
joke I think I don't know I haven't seen
any of these bones materials off to just
wait and see how it all turns out then
of course there is the classic DVD
features so you're going to get the two
movies I previously talked about there
is the jack jack attack as well as bound
in and so those are the two short films
that you're going to be getting on the
DVD side you do also get them on the
first blu-ray disc as well so you can in
theory watch them in high definition
which is great if you do have a blu-ray
player so that's it for the blu-ray
4-disc combo pack unboxing video of the
incredibles if you do have any questions
comments or concerns they belong in the
comments section below as well as
subscribe to this channel for more
unboxing videos all right so take care